README.md, before:

# java-fundamentals

## Author: Adrian Hernandez

## Overview
This is going to display the basics of java for my 401 course. This will hold my lab assignments for the next couple of weeks.

## Architecture
Java is mostly being used.

## Credit and Collaborations
Day 1: Some starter code was given by our instructor Alex White and help was provided by instructor for some code. Used Ben Mill's repo for reference for coin flip function. Had everything I needed to solve the problem, just had some code that needed to be deleted and some that just needed to be moved.

Day 2: Collaborated with my classmates and had some help from Rey as well for the testing portion. Sharmarke helped with the function portion. Used code review for reference.

Day 3: Used lab review for reference for resubmit.

## Day 1

Name of feature: 1. Pluralize.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 1400

Finish time: 1700

Actual time needed to complete: 3 hours

Name of feature: 2. Flipping Coins.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 1745

Finish time: 1930

Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 45 minutes

Name of feature: 3. Command Line Clock

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1.5 hours

Start time: 1930

Finish time: TBD

Actual time needed to complete: Still in progress.

## Day 2

Name of feature: 1. Rolling Dice

Actual time needed to complete: 2 hours

Name of feature: 2. Containing Duplicates

Name of feature: 3. Calculating Averages

Name of feature: 4. Array of Arrays


Day 3

Name of feature: 1. Analyzing Weather Data

Name of feature: 2. Tallying Election

Name of feature: 3. Javascript Linter

Commit message:

Finished feature tasks and updated Readme

README.md, after:

# java-fundamentals

## Author: Adrian Hernandez

## Overview
This is going to display the basics of java for my 401 course. This will hold my lab assignments for the next couple of weeks.

## Architecture
Java is mostly being used.

## Credit and Collaborations
Day 1: Some starter code was given by our instructor Alex White and help was provided by instructor for some code. Used Ben Mill's repo for reference for coin flip function. Had everything I needed to solve the problem, just had some code that needed to be deleted and some that just needed to be moved.

Day 2: Collaborated with my classmates and had some help from Rey as well for the testing portion. Sharmarke helped with the function portion. Used code review for reference.

Day 3: Used lab review for reference for resubmit.

Lab 06: Used lab review for reference for resubmit.

## Lab 1

Name of feature: 1. Pluralize.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 1400

Finish time: 1700

Actual time needed to complete: 3 hours

Name of feature: 2. Flipping Coins.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 1745

Finish time: 1930

Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 45 minutes

Name of feature: 3. Command Line Clock

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1.5 hours

Start time: 1930

Finish time: TBD

Actual time needed to complete: Still in progress.

## Lab 2

Name of feature: 1. Rolling Dice

Name of feature: 2. Containing Duplicates

Name of feature: 3. Calculating Averages

Name of feature: 4. Array of Arrays


## Lab 3

Name of feature: 1. Analyzing Weather Data

Name of feature: 2. Tallying Election

Name of feature: 3. Javascript Linter 

Lab 06
Feature Task 1: Create a class to represent a Restaurant. Each Restaurant should have a name, a number of stars between 0 and 5, and a price category.
Implement a Restaurant constructor.

Feature Task 2: Create a class to represent a Review. Each Review should have a body, an author, and a number of stars.

Feature Task 3: A Review should be about a single Restaurant. Choose an implementation for this, and implement it. Some considerations:

Feature Task 4: Add an instance method addReview to your Restaurant class. This method should take in a Review instance, and associate that review with this Restaurant. 

Feature Task 5: When you associate a review with a restaurant, that restaurant’s star rating should change. Ensure that your addReview method updates the Restaurant star rating appropriately, and add tests.
